Sure, here are some everyday phrases and fixed expressions that are used in English:

- [ ] "I'm in a pickle." This means that you are in a difficult situation.
- [x]  "I'm at my wit's end." This means that you are at your wit's end.
- [x]  "I'm at sixes and sevens." This means that you are confused or disorganized.
- [ ]  <font color="#00b050">"I'm up the creek without a paddle."</font> This means that you are in a difficult situation and you don't know what to do.
- [ ]  "I'm on the fence." This means that you are undecided about something.
- [ ]  "I'm in over my head." This means that you are doing something that is too difficult for you.
- [ ]  "I'm in the doghouse." This means that you are in trouble.
- [ ]  "I'm out of my league." This means that you are not good enough for something.
- [ ]  "It's all Greek to me." This means that I don't understand something.
- [ ]  <font color="#00b050">"It's raining on my parade."</font> This means that something is ruining my plans.
- [ ]  "It's not rocket science." This means that something is not very difficult to do.
- [x]  "It's a matter of opinion." This means that there is no right or wrong answer.
- [ ]  "It's a no-brainer." This means that something is very obvious.
- [ ]  "It's a done deal." This means that something has already been decided.
- [ ]   "It's a dog- eat- dog world." This means that the world is a competitive place.
- [ ]  "It's a jungle out there." This means that the world is a difficult place to survive.
- [ ]  "It's a matter of life and death." This means that something is very important.
- [ ]  "It's a matter of time." This means that something will eventually happen.
- [ ]  "It's a matter of opinion." This means that there is no right or wrong answer.


