---
aliases:
  - 170 IELTS ESSAY Samples - Ali Shahsavand
source: "\rMistral-Medium"
author: 
<<<<<<< HEAD
date_created: 
date_update: 
type: 
priority: false
=======
createdAt: 
updateAt: 
categories: 
high_priority: false
>>>>>>> 93a933e (refactor(dailyNotes): update metadata structure for daily notes)
tags:
---
There’s no point in going if you’re not going to get the greatest benefit out of it that you can.

如果不能从中获得最大的收益，那么去做的意义就不大了。

语法分析：
There's no point in going: 这是一个倒装句，正常的语序是 "It's no point to go"，表示没有必要去。
if you're not going to get the greatest benefit out of it that you can: 这是一个条件状语从句，表示只有在能获得最大收益的情况下才值得去。


1. "There have been immense advances in technology in most aspects of people's lives, especially in the field of education."
2. "An increasing number of students rely on computers to research for information and to produce a perfect paper for school purposes."
3. "The presence of a teacher is essential for students because the human contact influences them in positive ways."
4. "Students realize that they are not dealing with a machine but with a human being who deserves attention and respect."
5. "They also learn the importance of studying in group and respect other students, which helps them to improve their social skills."
6. "Teachers are required in the learning process because they acknowledge some student's deficiencies and help them to solve their problems by repeating the same explanation, giving extra exercises or even suggesting a private tutor."
7. "The role for teachers in the learning process is still very important and it will continue to be in the future because no machine can replace the human interaction and its consequences."
8. "Nobody can argue that the acquisition of knowledge is more fun and easier with computers."
9. "The mere activity of touching and exploring this device constitutes an enjoyable task for a kid."
10. "This, accompanied with the relaxing attitude and software interactivity, usually conduce to a better grasping of new knowledge."
11. "At a higher educational level; the availability of digital books, simulator and other academic materials, provide the student with an ever accessible source of information, that otherwise would not be at hand."
12. "However, the increasing complexity and behavior of intelligent software, which is usually embedded in the academic digital material, the need of human interaction in the learning process will always be present, at least in the foreseeable future."
13. "There is the necessity for a human being to be able to determine what the specifics needs of each individual are."
14. "The expertise of a teacher in how to explain and adapt complex concepts to different individuals can hardly be mimicked by a computer, no matter how sophisticated its software is."
15. "As computers are becoming a common tool for teaching, teachers should be more aware of their role as guides in the acquisition of knowledge rather than transmitters of facts."
16. "They have to be open minded to the changes that are taking places, keep updated and serve as a problem solvers in the learning process, thus allowing students to discover the fact for themselves."
17. "Young adults who pass directly from school to university are rather restricted in terms of general knowledge and experience of the world."
18. "By contrast, those who have spent some time earning a living or traveling to other places have a broader view of life and better personal resources to draw on."
19. "They tend to be more independent, which is a very important factor in academic study and research, as well as giving them an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of student life."
20. "Young people should be encouraged to broaden their horizons. That is the best way for them to get a clear perspective of what they are hoping to do with their lives and why."
21. "Students with such a perspective are usually the most effective and motivated ones and taking a year off may be the best way to gain this."
22. "Every person has the right to choose the way to self-perfection."
23. "It is silly to make unavailable traveling for one who does not have IQ high enough."
24. "Some young people do not do well at school but they have great personality and ability to learn."
25. "They are self-confident, persistent and patient."
26. "Imagine for example situation when a teenager gets high grades because his or her parents constantly make him or her study and help to do most of the homework."
27. "In this case a child does very well at school but I think a college can show the opposite results."
28. "To sum up, I think that all young people should have the chance to get a higher education. To take or not this chance must be up to them."
29. "From my everyday experience and observation I can stand that the best way of learning about life is through personal experience."
30. "Take for example children. They will not believe their parents that something can hurt them until they try it and make sure in it."
31. "Furthermore, most likely they will remember this experience longer."
32. "People learn how to analyze their mistakes, make conclusions and next time try to avoid them."
33. "So, I think it is a great experience that makes people stronger, more self-confident and persistent."
34. "They gain more knowledge and experience that will be very helpful and valuable in the future."
35. "Parents with great patience pass down their knowledge and experience to their children."
36. "They teach them all they know and they want their children do not make the same mistakes."
37. "In addition to those practical benefits, learning from someone's advice is painless."
38. "For example, parents nowadays very often talk to their children about drugs."
39. "I think it is a case when children must trust their parents."
40. "Together they can greatly simplify one's life and make the way to success shorter."
41. "Although honesty, intelligence, and a sense of humor are all worthwhile characteristics, I feel the most important one in life to have is sensitivity."
42. "A sensitive person knows the place of honesty, intelligence, and a sense of humor."
43. "Honesty is not always the best policy. There is such a thing as a white lie."
44. "Intelligence is a wonderful thing to have, but not all intelligent people use their intelligence sensitively."
45. "A sense of humor is always valued. Different people, however, laugh at different things."
46. "A sensitive person would understand whether a person could be teased or whether a person would appreciate a certain joke."
47. "A sensitive person would make everyone feel comfortable. A sensitive person understands that people are different and that the values of honesty, intelligence and humor can be applied differently."
48. "While physical exercise is important, I do not believe that it is the school's responsibility to provide physical training for its students."
49. "Many students get plenty of physical exercise as part of their daily life or recreation."
50. "A student who bicycles ten miles to and from school does not need more exercise."
51. "A good physical education program must take a student's outside activity into consideration."
52. "Otherwise, some students will spend valuable class hours repeating physical exercise."
53. "If a school offers such activities, it also suggests that students will be graded on them."
54. "The range of possible physical activities is great."
55. "However, the number that a school could offer is small."
56. "Some students could get bad grades in physical education simply because the school could not provide an activity they enjoy or do well."
57. "This seems unfair."
58. "Research suggests that participation, not excellence, in these activities determines the physical benefits the body will get."
59. "Another issue is economic. Many schools do not have the money to provide gym facilities, playing fields, and athletic equipment for their students."
60. "Other schools are located in cities where that kind of space just isn't available."
61. "A few schools would rather keep money for academic purposes."
62. "Schools can certainly encourage physical activity. They can provide space for notices about activities, events, and classes for physical activities."
63. "They can encourage students to plan time away from academic studies to get some exercise."
64. "However, I think that providing exercise should not be the school's responsibility."
65. "People attend college for a lot of different reasons. I believe that the three most common reasons are to prepare for a career, to have new experiences, and to increase their knowledge of themselves and of the world around them."
66. "Career preparation is probably the primary reason that people attend college."
67. "These days, the job market is very competitive. Careers such as information technology will need many new workers in the near future."
68. "At college, students can learn new skills for these careers and increase their opportunities for the future."
69. "Students also go to college to have new experiences."
70. "For many, it is their first time away from home."
71. "At college, they can meet new people from many different places."
72. "They can see what life is like in a different city."
73. "They can learn to live on their own and take care of themselves without having their family always nearby."
74. "At college, students have the opportunity to increase their knowledge."
75. "As they decide what they want to study, pursue their studies, and interact with their classmates, they learn a lot about themselves."
76. "They also, of course, have the opportunity to learn about many subjects in their classes."
77. "In addition to the skills and knowledge related to their career, college students also have the chance to take classes in other areas."
78. "For many, this will be their last chance to study different subjects."
79. "Colleges offer much more than career preparation."
80. "They offer the opportunity to have new experiences and to learn many kinds of things."
81. "I think all of these are reasons why people attend college."
82. "People attend colleges or universities for a lot of different reasons. I believe that the three most common reasons are to prepare for a career, to have new experiences, and to increase their knowledge of themselves and the world around them."
83. "Career preparation is becoming more and more important to young people."
84. "For many, this is the primary reason to go to college."
85. "They know that the job market is competitive."
86. "At college, they can learn new skills for careers with a lot of opportunities."
87. "This means careers, such as information technology, that are expected to need a large workforce in the coming years."
88. "Also, students go to colleges and universities to have new experiences."
89. "This often means having the opportunity to meet people different from those in their hometowns."
90. "For most students, going to college is the first time they’ve been away from home by themselves."
91. "In additions, this is the first time they’ve had to make decisions on their own."
92. "Making these decisions increases their knowledge of themselves."
93. "Besides looking for self-knowledge, people also attend a university or college to expand their knowledge in subjects they find interesting."
94. "For many, this will be their last chance for a long time to learn about something that doesn’t relate to their career."
95. "I would recommend that people not be so focused on a career."
96. "They should go to college to have new experiences and learn about themselves and the world they live in."
97. "Nowadays, education overseas has become more accessible and growing numbers of people send their offspring to study in other countries."
98. "However, this trend has its detractors."
99. "I strongly believe that the pros far outweigh the cons, and will examine both below."
100. "One of the greatest advantages is that the children learn to be independent."
101. "Having to cook, clean, and pay bills instills this in them."
102. "Often they have to work part-time to make ends meet, and this impresses upon them the importance of work and money management."
103. "Another important factor is that these children will be exposed to different cultures and ways of thinking."
104. "They will become more open-minded and tolerant and are likely to become more adaptable individuals."
105. "One of the main motives for sending young people abroad to study is that it enhances their employment prospects."
106. "In my experience of living in foreign countries and speaking to various youths, it seems that a foreign education is regarded as something desirable and helpful in getting a decent job."
107. "A degree from Britain, for example, is seen as being of a higher standard than one from a developing country."
108. "Furthermore, living in a foreign country may lead to fluency in a second language, which is another selling point for prospective employers."
109. "In addition, many companies are keen to recruit people with a global outlook."
110. "There are a few drawbacks however."
111. "For instance, without parental supervision, the new found freedom children experience may lead to harmful practices such as drug-taking and drinking."
112. "Reluctance or inability to reintegrate into their mother country is another."
113. "To sum up, it can be seen that the advantages of studying abroad for children are more numerous than the disadvantages."
114. "Of course a lot depends on the age of the child, but I believe that for most teenagers it would be a positive experience."
115. "It has been said, 'Not everything that is learned is contained in books.'"
116. "Compare and contrast knowledge gained from experience with knowledge gained from books."
117. "In your opinion, which source is more important? Why?"
118. "From my everyday experience and observation I can stand that the best way of learning about life is through personal experience."
119. "However, some people think that it is wiser to learn about life through listening to the advice of family and friends."
120. "It does not mean I totally disagree with this way of learning."
121. "Moreover, I think that it is wise for a person to take an intermediate position because each of these ways has its own advantages."
122. "Learning through one's personal experience brings many benefits."
123. "First of all, scientists say that personal experience has greater impact on a person."
124. "I have to agree with this."
125. "Take for example children."
126. "They will not believe their parents that something can hurt them until they try it and make sure in it."
127. "Furthermore, most likely they will remember this experience longer."
128. "Second of all, people learn how to analyze their mistakes, make conclusions and next time try to avoid them."
129. "So, I think it is a great experience that makes people stronger, more self-confident and persistent."
130. "They gain more knowledge and experience that will be very helpful and valuable in the future."
131. "Listening to the advice of family and friends brings many benefits too."
132. "Parents with great patience pass down their knowledge and experience to their children."
133. "They teach them all they know and they want their children do not make the same mistakes."
134. "In addition to those practical benefits, learning from someone's advice is painless."
135. "For example, parents nowadays very often talk to their children about drugs."
136. "I think it is a great example when one should not try drugs in order to gain new experience."
137. "I think it is a case when children must trust their parents."
138. "To sum up, I think it is wise to combine both of these ways to learn and try to analyze personal mistakes as well as not personal."
139. "I think together they can greatly simplify one's life and make the way to success shorter."
140. "While physical exercise is important, I do not believe that it is the school's responsibility to provide physical training for its students."
141. "That is something that everyone can take care of on his or her own."
142. "Many students get plenty of physical exercise as part of their daily life or recreation."
143. "A student who bicycles ten miles to and from school does not need more exercise."
144. "A good physical education program must take a student's outside activity into consideration."
145. "Otherwise, some students will spend valuable class hours repeating physical exercise."
146. "If a school offers such activities, it also suggests that students will be graded on them."
147. "The range of possible physical activities is great."
148. "However, the number that a school could offer is small."
149. "Some students could get bad grades in physical education simply because the school could not provide an activity they enjoy or do well."
150. "This seems unfair."
151. "Research suggests that participation, not excellence, in these activities determines the physical benefits the body will get."
152. "Another issue is economic."
153. "Many schools do not have the money to provide gym facilities, playing fields, and athletic equipment for their students."
154. "Other schools are located in cities where that kind of space just isn't available."
155. "A few schools would rather keep money for academic purposes."
156. "Schools can certainly encourage physical activity."
157. "They can provide space for notices about activities, events, and classes for physical activities."
158. "They can encourage students to plan time away from academic studies to get some exercise."
